Bing I brought in the field all I think
got the technique side of fielding
something that they've really got to
work on I'm sure the feeling coach would
ever notice all that I took on the
sidelines so spinner always a dangerous
proposition the stage of the innings and
I think that's been their strength in
the polling to split us more than the
CMAs yes it has Sanjay and also the
pitch hasn't paid its role for the
spinners it hasn't turned a lot
it isn't slow it's got good pacing that
it comes on nasty so you can't hit the
line and that doesn't help if you want
to spin a base team or spin based
bowling attack you want some help in
your pitch make it like a little bit
more difficult and it hasn't been the
case
Australians hands have dominated from
the outset set it all up
one thing straight away them they need
to do having had a taste of conditions
here in Australia big grounds without
fielding is a really tested nice fine
paddle sweep the wicketkeeper
they chase along with the tiller at
square leg yeah let's see again and the
kind of fold Simon there's this and the
field three field is going for the ball
I think everyone needs to just develop a
strong throwing arm I think that is one
important lesson that they've learned
can come with frequent throw dolls or
few minutes at the gym cause it does
help
they warm up matches before the start of
the tournament they they lost both of
them one of them to Papua New Guinea the
other one it was marginal it was a very
close they lost to New Zealand by just
nineteen months and in fact the captain
who was the main player if he didn't
play in the game he was injured so they
took a lot of heart out of it how the
surface was like but if the surface was
anything that was confusing to spin yes
they'd be more in the game clearly these
conditions aren't ideal 266 for five
have a look at that run rate in the last
10 overs the perfect culmination of the
innings for Australia you say they
constructed the innings pretty well he
played low-risk cricket once they'd lost
the early wicked make sure they knocked
it around and got themselves into a good
Hindi position where they could launch
from sit up the back India with wickets
in hand and really apply the pressure
precious killing it should be another
boundary it is for delivery full toss
striving to get it full miss Ted mark
pay the price yeah the seam bowlers have
struggled in this match but I rebuilding
they're going at an economy rate of 7 I
think the cat will be forced to ball
spinners from both ends right he was
trying for that full length delivery the
Yoker
landed up as a full toss piece at all
ball from the Seema's
better much better it's a slow delivery
the off-spinner another reminder backlog
the hashtag who will win the match and
you can see the sense of optimism among
the Nepal fans drawing the last time it
was lesser that percentage has grown as
the innings has progressed a great deal
of optimism there
you're sitting at home you'd be hearing
the noise of the fielders on the field
as well that hasn't died downs that the
intensity has been up there right
through the innings